---Tiny Kitchen Scenarios---

Team members
------------
Autumn Hale
Laura Lopez
Victoria Senn

Purpose
------------
Tiny Kitchen helps everyone choose and plan meals with ease. 
Our application offers users a large selection of recipes to 
choose from based on given guidelines, such as dietary 
restrictions and current pantry stock. Users can easily plan 
meals using a calendar and file system in order to save 
time and money.  

Scenarios
------------

	1. Scenario: User will create their own recipe cards.
	Description: User will use the Tiny Kitchen application to store their personal
	recipes in the form of recipe cards. Recipe cards of a user's own creation can 
	and will be saved to the user's personal Tiny Kitchen application and can be 
	saved in association with recipe cards already created by the Edamam API.
	
	2. Scenario: User will find recipes using Edamam API.
	Description: Users will be able to fliter recipies on the Tiny Kitchen app based on the 
	supplied filters from the Edamam API. These filters include gluten intolerance, vegan 
	or vegetarian, dairy free, and more general filters like max calories or a maximum number 
	of ingredients. 

	3. Scenario: User will manage their recipe cards.
	Description: Users may interact with the Tiny Kitchen application
	by managing recipe cards post-creation. This includes editing recipe details and 
	deleting recipe cards altogether. Management also includes the ability
	to add recipe cards to collections, the pantry, and the calendar. 
	Being able to manage the recipe card in a number of ways is key to 
	Tiny Kitchen, as the recipes are the central feature of Tiny Kitchen that
	build up all other features. 
	
	4. Scenario: User will manage recipe collections.
	Description: Users may interact with the Tiny Kitchen application
	by managing their recipe collections post-creation. Recipe collections
	will comprise of recipe cards the user chooses to store in a particular 
	collection. Users are able to create recipe collections based on their 
	organizational preference. Users will be able to edit their recipe collection 
	which includes adding and deleting recipe cards from their recipe collections. 
	Users can also delete a recipe collection in its entirety. 

	5. Scenario: User will share recipe cards and shopping list.
	Description: Users may interact with the Tiny Kitchen application by 
	sharing recipe cards and/or shopping lists they have created using
	Tiny Kitchen. This share feature allows users to select certain
	recipes to be attached to an email and shared with others. It also
	allows for the shopping list, which is created from the user's calendar
	view, to be shared via email. This share feature is key to Tiny Kitchen, 
	as shareability and ease of use is essential to the program. The ability
	to share your local recipes and shopping lists with anyone allows for improved
	quality and usefulness of Tiny Kitchen overall.
	
	6. Scenario: User will manage their at-home pantry within their application.
	Description: Users will interact with the Tiny Kitchen application by adding or
	removing items that they have in their physical pantry to their personal Tiny Kitchen
	application. This interactive feature will allow the user to filter recipes from the
	Edamam API based on the items they have added to their pantry stock. Users will
	use this to their advantage to no longer struggle with what to make with the few or
	various ingredients they may have at home. 

	7. Scenario: User will manage their recipe calendar.
	Description: Users will be able to create a calendar in their personal Tiny
	Kitchen application. Users may use the Tiny Kitchen application by saving recipe
	cards under a particular calendar date. This feature will give the user the 
	ability to add, remove, or edit recipe cards within their personal Tiny Kitchen 
	application calendar. This is ideal for users who want to meal-prep, plan their meals,
	or are simply running on a busy schedule. 
	
	8. Scenario: User will create a shopping list from calendar recipe cards.
	Description: Users will be able to generate a shopping list from their calendar. This 
	shopping list will account for their current pantry stock and show only what is remaining
	from the recipies added to the calendar. 
	
	9. Scenario: User will link their Tiny Kitchen shopping list to an online grocer.
	Description: Users will be able to click a link and be brought to an online grocer that 
	stocks their item. This feature will bring users to a search results page that will have
	queried based on the item that they clicked the link from. 

	10. Scenario: User will be able to disallow calorie count.
	Description: Users will be able to toggle calorie amounts either on or off for recipies
	in their collections. This feature adds a level of inclusivity for those that are
	sensitive to food restrictions or amounts.


