Tiny Kitchen Vision
4600-12
Autumn Hale
Laura Lopez
Victoria Senn

1: Introduction

o 1.1 Purpose
▪ The purpose of this vision document is to identify, analyze, and define all 
requirements and features of the Tiny Kitchen Application, as well as all 
restrictions it may entail. It focuses on the capabilities needed by the stakeholders 
and the target users, and why these needs exist. The details of how Tiny Kitchen 
Application fulfills these needs are detailed in the summary of capabilities. The 
details of constraints, assumptions, dependencies, and other product requirements 
are outlined in this document in order to provide a clear overview of the Tiny 
Kitchen’s limitations in advance. 
o 1.2 Scope 
▪ This Vision Document is constructed for the Tiny Kitchen Application, which 
will be developed by Autumn Hale, Laura Lopez, and Victoria Senn. These 
stakeholders will develop the web application to work on the latest version of 
Google Chrome browsers on the latest version of Windows computers. The Tiny 
Kitchen will allow anyone with dietary restrictions, little time, and/or meal 
coordination needs to easily choose and plan their meals with others. This vision 
document represents an ideal set of features and depends on time and further 
design decisions which may change the project. 

2: Positioning

o 2.1 Business opportunity
▪ Many people struggle with balancing work, school, and other obligations. It can 
be difficult for households to decide what to cook, especially with picky eaters, 
limited budget, or dietary restrictions. Tiny Kitchen helps everyone choose and 
plan meals with ease. Our website offers users a large selection of recipes to 
choose from based on their guidelines, such as dietary restrictions and current 
pantry stock. Users can easily plan meals with others through an interactive 
calendar in order to save time and money. 
o 2.2 Problem statement
▪ The problem of meal preparation and planning affects college students, families, 
those with dietary restrictions, and many others. The impact of the problem is 
uncoordinated schedules, bad eating habits, and stress-filled individuals. A 
successful solution would include a meal planning application that provides 
recipes based on search criteria and a group-shared meal calendar all-in-one. 

3: Stakeholder and user descriptions

o 3.2 Stakeholder Summary
▪ Autumn Hale is a stakeholder in the Tiny Kitchen Application. She represents 
“Team Tiny Kitchen,” which is part of the Introduction to Software Engineering 
class at Austin Peay State University. She is taking on the roles of Software 
Engineer, Software Tester, and Architect of the system, and therefore will be part 
of all processes in the application. 
▪ Victoria Senn is a stakeholder in the Tiny Kitchen Application. She represents 
“Team Tiny Kitchen,” which is part of the Introduction to Software Engineering 
class at Austin Peay State University. She is taking on the roles of Software 
Engineer, Software Tester, and Architect of the system, and therefore will be part 
of all processes in the application.
▪ Laura Lopez is a stakeholder in the Tiny Kitchen Application. She represents 
“Team Tiny Kitchen,” which is part of the Introduction to Software Engineering 
class at Austin Peay State University. She is taking on the roles of Software 
Engineer, Software Tester, and Architect of the system, and therefore will be part 
of all processes in the application.
▪ Dr. Hasan is a stakeholder in the Tiny Kitchen Application. He represents Austin 
Peay State University and is the professor of the Introduction to Software 
Engineering class. He is the primary supervisor for all stages of the software 
being produced. The software will be under a series of checks for its lifecycle. 
o 3.3 User Summary
▪ College students will be primary end users of the system and will use the 
application to find recipes, schedule their meals, and collaborate with other users.
▪ Single or large families will be primary end users of the system and will use the 
application to find recipes, schedule their meals, and collaborate with other users.
▪ Those with dietary restrictions will be primary end users of the system and will 
use the application to find recipes based on their eating lifestyle (gluten-free, 
dairy-free, keto, etc.). 
▪ Roommates will be primary end users of the system and will use the application 
to collaborate with each other on their meal schedule. 

4: Product overview

o 4.1 Product perspective
▪ For people who want structured meal planning, who are short on time and need 
meal ideas. The Tiny Kitchen Application is a recipe management system that 
acts as a central hub for all things meal planning. Unlike Pinterest, our product 
includes an integrated calendar and is tailored specifically towards meal planning 
by providing recipes from user specifications. 
o 4.2 Summary of capabilities
Customer Benefit Supporting Features
▪ Recipe search based on given criteria. Edamam API allows recipe searches based on 
given criteria. 
▪Personal Recipe Collections. Customizable collections accessible only by the 
user that made them.
▪Shared Recipe Collections. Shared collections that are invite-only and allow 
collaboration.
▪Personal calendar for private and organized meal 
planning. Weekly calendar view that allows recipes to be 
slotted inside, and color coded.
▪Collaborative calendar to schedule their meals. Weekly calendar view that allows recipes to be 
slotted inside and color coded. Accessible to the creator and anyone they invite. 
o 4.3 Assumptions and dependencies
▪ Tiny Kitchen assumes that users are on a Windows computer that is fully up to 
date. If the Windows software is not up to date, or if Windows software fails/is 
no longer supported, Tiny Kitchen may or may not deliver the full user 
experience as outlined in this document. 
▪ Tiny Kitchen assumes that users will run the application on the latest version of 
the Google Chrome browser. If the Google Chrome browser is not up to date, or 
if the Google Chrome fails/is no longer supported, Tiny Kitchen may or may not 
deliver the full user experience as outlined in this document. 
▪ Tiny Kitchen uses Edamam’s free API to deliver personalized recipe ideas to 
users. If Edamam exceeds 10,000 requests, fails/is no longer supported, or is 
changed, Tiny Kitchen may or may not deliver the full user experience as 
outlined by this document. 
▪ Tiny Kitchen requires internet access. Tiny Kitchen assumes users possess basic 
reading and writing skills in order to fully utilize the application. 
▪ Tiny Kitchen assumes the users speak or understand English at a proficient level 
in order to fully utilize the application. 
▪ Tiny Kitchen may not allow for screen reading capabilities for users who may 
need this feature in order to fully utilize the application. 

5: Product features 

o 5.1 Create an account: Users have the option to create an account in order to gain access 
to Tiny Kitchen’s full capabilities. 
o 5.2 Recipe collection(s): Users can create, edit, and delete recipe collections. Users can 
add, delete, or edit recipes in their recipe collections.
o 5.3 Recipe search filter: Users can search for recipes based on certain filers they select 
from, including their own current pantry stock.
o 5.4 Pantry stock: Users can add, delete, or edit items in their pantry stock collection 
according to their actual pantry or kitchen stock.
o 5.5 Add users as a friend: Users can add others as a friend in order to allow for easier 
meal planning.
o 5.6 Sharing collections: Users can share collections of recipes saved with others. All 
users who have access to the collection have full access to add, delete, and edit recipe 
cards saved to those collections. 
o 5.7 Calendar access: Users can add recipes from their collection to a personal or shared 
calendar in order to plan recipes on a weekly basis. 
o 5.8 Generate shopping list: From their calendar users will be able to generate a shopping 
list for their planned week, which will list all the ingredients needed. 
o 5.9 Calendar collaboration: Users can add friends to their calendar in order to plan meals 
together on a monthly basis. 
o 5.10 Notes: Users can add notes on their calendar(s) in order to suggest recipes and/or 
write out ideas. 

• 6: Constraints

o 6.1 System-Supported Platforms: System will be developed using platform tools 
supported by Windows OS.
o 6.2 Browser Compatibility: System will be web-based utilizing most recent version of 
Chrome.
o 6.3 Accessibility: System may not have full capabilities for screen readers or accessibility 
other software or settings such as dark mode. 
o 6.4 Use of Existing Services: System will utilize Edamam API where possible.
▪ Possible blockage from API if 10,000 click limit per month is exceeded.
• 7: Other product requirements
o N/A